Update build tools, remove sandbox references. (#56)
eclipse-hara/hara-ddiclient: README.md

./gradlew buildImage
```

To test the hara-ddiClient library, a hawkbit server is required.

To run the hawkbit server, please follow the instructions provided in the hawkbit Update Server documentation:

> - [hawkbit Update Server](https://kynetics.github.io/hawkbit/gettingstarted/#from-docker-image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [hawkbit Update Server](https://eclipse.dev/hawkbit/gettingstarted/#from-docker-image)
```

> to connect the virtual devices to the hawkbit server, find the gateway token in the ["System Config"](https://www.eclipse.org/hawkbit/concepts/authentication/#ddi-api-authentication-modes) page in Hawkbit server and use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to connect the virtual devices to the hawkbit server, find the gateway token in the ["System Config"](https://eclipse.dev/hawkbit/concepts/authentication/#ddi-api-authentication-modes) page in Hawkbit server and use the following command:
```

```shell

> docker run -e HAWKBIT_GATEWAY_TOKEN=<gatewaytokenvalue> -e HAWKBIT_CONTROLLER_ID=<mycontrollerid> hara-virtual-device:<virtual-device-version>

Reviewer: Since using the hawkbit sandbox is no longer an option, we should also add the `HAWKBIT_URL` and the `HAWKBIT_TENANT` to the basic example.
Please also remove the hawkbit sandbox from the `HAWKBIT_URL` default value in `Configuration.kt`
